It’s still a little hard to tell what my project is going to look liked based on this preview, but I can confidently say that I have a whole plan mapped out. In my preview I have found the female version of the Oscar award online and I’m going to duplicate it by nine. I’m going to arrange the Oscar awards in groups of three and under each award I will list the names and movies of each of the female movie makers that should have been considered at the 2020 Oscars for best director. This isn’t shown in my preview, but above the awards, I’m going to have a text that says something along the lines of “Women are not little”, and then below the awards, ”Acknowledge the many”. My project looks pretty empty right now, but I think I am off to a good start. I found the picture of the award I want to use and the names of the female directors, along with their movies. I want my visual argument to be organized and read left to right down the page. I’m also going to be strategic in what colors I choose to use. I’m sticking with a dark red color for the background and gold and white lettering to accent the colors that are commonly associated with the Oscars. I want to make my visual argument look prestigious like how the award ceremony is. I also want to play around with the font I use so that the names of the women are illuminated and look like they are glowing. Overall, I know I need to learn a lot more Gimp tools so that I can carry out my vision for my visual argument. There is a lot more work I need to do, but I think I’m off to a pretty good start. 

For my rough draft I think I got a lot done. I finally figured out how to resize the image of my female oscar awards and set something else as the background. I'm not sure why this took me so long but it was a struggle. After looking at my completed rough draft I realize that I have quite a few things to fix. I don't really like the dark red color of my background so I definitly need to change that into something that is softer and reflects more of the Oscar's professionalism. I also need to play around with the font style, because I'm not thrilled with how it looks. Overall, I feel like my visual argument is kinf of bland I need to add something that will jazz it up. I'm nervous but also looking forward to see what people think of my project. Still so much to do.
